there's no one specific or two specific things that makes a good leader.
A leader is built by their experience. There are some people who
are inclined to leadership. I think, uh, their personality lends itself
to it. But even those people, if they don't have the experience,
then oftentimes they can't put problems in decisions into appropriate
perspective. So there's not any really one thing or two things or
you small things that make one leader great and another not or one
leader great. Another good. It's how you use your experiences, Thio
relate to your subordinates and lead your subordinates and make decisions
that affect your subordinates.